the power of the
Outloop system. This is
the power of investing
in your agentic layer
of your codebase.
This is where scaled
up agentic impact happens.
Now, many engineers are
going to gloss over
this. They're not going
to pay attention to
this. They're going to
stay in the loop
and they're going to
waste a bunch of
time. Not you and
I. CSV text doesn't
match. This is a
simple patch workflow. It
looks like this completed
a while ago. Great.
So you do want
to stay on the
review system as much
as possible, right? You
want to build up
your review system to
be intricate, to be
detailed so that basically
you don't have to
leave to know that